Updating optional path (#144)
mspnp/serverless-reference-implementation: src/readme-backend-functionapps-v2.md

Compile the new API version

```bash
cd DroneStatus/nodejs
func azure functionapp publish ${APPNAME}-dsv2-funcapp --typescript
cd  ./../../

```

## step 5

> Enable security to the new Azure Function App Server. The values are the same than v1 deploy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable security to the new Azure Function App Server. The values are the same as they were in the v1 deploy.
```
